CAT API automation (Part II) (#9060)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/cat/cat-aliases.md

<!-- spec_insert_start
api: cat.aliases
component: query_parameters
columns: Parameter, Data type, Description, Default
include_deprecated: false
-->
## Query parameters

The following table lists the available query parameters. All query parameters are optional.

> Parameter | Data type | Description | Default

Author: The tool should add an additional pipe when no value exists. @nhtruong: This looks like another took adjustment.

> Parameter | Data type | Description | Default

Author: It makes sense to add `|`'s at the end and the beginning to me. @nhtruong, would that be difficult to change in the workflow?

The `pretty` setting will add pipes but also add additional spacing. One solution is we could enable that by default, since the tables aren't going to be touched directly anyways.

> Parameter | Data type | Description | Default

Reviewer: I would just add pipe symbols regardless of `pretty`. Also, there should be no empty cells in the table. Where there is no default, we should add `N/A`. However, it's strange that there was no default automatically provided for `expand_wildcards`. Is it missing from the spec?

> Parameter | Data type | Description | Default

Reviewer 2: It's not difficult. Are you saying with `pretty: false` (the default), the pipes are never present and with `pretty: true` they are there? OR are you saying that with `pretty: false` the pipes are there sometimes (this inconsistency would be a bug)

> Parameter | Data type | Description | Default

Reviewer 2: Regarding Default values not showing: Are they on the spec but not in the generated tables?

> Parameter | Data type | Description | Default

Reviewer: I would go with adding pipes at the ends in any case (for `pretty` either `true` or `false`). This way, all tables are consistent (have pipes at either end at all times).

> Parameter | Data type | Description | Default

Author: Right now, according to the expected output, `pretty: true` does include pipes at the end and the beginning.

<!-- spec_insert_start
api: cat.aliases
component: query_parameters
columns: Parameter, Data type, Description, Default
include_deprecated: false
-->
## Query parameters

The following table lists the available query parameters. All query parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description | Default |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | `expand_wildcards` | List or String | Expands wildcard expressions to concrete indexes. Combine multiple values with commas. Supported values are `all`, `open`, `closed`, `hidden`, and `none`. <br> Valid values are: <br> - `all`: Match any index, including hidden ones. </br> - `closed`: Match closed, non-hidden indexes. </br> - `hidden`: Match hidden indexes. Must be combined with open, closed, or both. </br> - `none`: Wildcard expressions are not accepted. </br> - `open`: Match open, non-hidden indexes. | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expand_wildcards` | List or String | Specifies the type of index that wildcard expressions can match. Supports comma-separated values. Supported values are `all`, `open`, `closed`, `hidden`, and `none`. <br> Valid values are: <br> - `all`: Match any index, including hidden ones. </br> - `closed`: Match closed, non-hidden indexes. </br> - `hidden`: Match hidden indexes. Must be combined with `open`, `closed`, or both. </br> - `none`: Wildcard expressions are not accepted. </br> - `open`: Match open, non-hidden indexes. | N/A |
```
